Uluj Ali,72,Turkey,An Italian-born Muslim corsair who later became an Ottoman admiral and Chief Admiral of the Ottoman Fleet in the 16th century.
Nicholas Alvel,46,England,Active in they Ionian Sea.
Pedro Menendez de Aviles,61,Spanish,A Spanish Admiral and pirate hunter de Aviles is remembered for his destruction of the French settlement of Fort Caroliney in 1565.
Samuel Axe,56,England,An English privateer in Dutch service Axe served with English forces in they Dutch Revolt against Habsburg rule.
Sir Andrew Barton,62,Scotland,Served under a Scottish letter of marque but was described a pirate by English and Portuguese.
Abraham Blauvelt,6,Netherlands,One of the last Dutch corsairs of the mid-17th century Blauvelt mapped much of South America.
Jambe de Bois,70,France,Known for his sacking of Santiago de Cuba in 1554
Jean Bontemps,27,France,Active in they Caribbean Sea. He attacked Santa Marta Cartagena de Indias Rio de Hacha and Margarita island.
Jan de Bouff,50,Netherlands,de Bouff served as a Dunkirkery in Habsburg service during they Dutch Revolt.
Rock Brasiliano,18,Netherlands,Pirate born in the town of Groningen long residence of Dutch colony of Brasil. Active in the Caribbean and captain of pirates of Jamaica. Know or his furry and great cruelt and sadism especially against Spaniards.
Hendrik Brouwer,12,Netherlands,Brouwer was a privateer who fought the Habsburgs during the Dutch revolt holding the city of Castro Chile hostage for a period of two months.
Nathaniel Butler,14,England,Despite a comparatively unsuccessful career as a privateer Butler was later colonial governor of Bermuda.
John Callis,41,England,Welsh pirate active along the southern coast of Wales.
Thomas Cavendish,87,England,The first man to intentionally circumnavigate the globe Cavendish also raided numerous Spanish towns and ships in the New World.
Jacob Collaart,66,Netherlands,A Flemish admiral who served as privateer and one of the Dunkirkers in Spanish Habsburg service during the Dutch Revolt responsible for the destruction of at least 150 fishing boats.
Claes Compaan,78,Netherlands,Former Dutch corsair and privateer he later became a pirate and was successful in capturing hundreds of ships in Europe they Barbary coast and West Africa.
Baltazar de Cordes,12,Netherlands,A Dutch corsair who fought against the Spanish during the early 17th century.
Simon Danziker,73,Netherlands,Dutch corsair and privateer who later became a Barbary corsairy based in Algiers and Tunisa during the early 17th century. He and John Ward dominated the Western Mediterranean during the early 17th century.
Sir Francis Drake (The Dragon),9,England,He was an Elizabethan corsair considered a hero in England but little more than a pirate in Spain.
Peter Easton,86,England,A privateer then pirate who was able to retire in Villefranchey Savoy with an estimated worth of two million pounds.
Jan Evertsen,5,Netherlands,Dutch admiral and corsair.
Juan Garcia,60,Spain,One of the Spanish privateers who accompanied Jan Jacobsen on his last voyage in 1622.
Sir Michael Geare,65,England,Elizabethan Sea Dog active in the West Indies up until the turn of the 17th century.
Piers Griffith,55,Wales,From 1600 to 1603 Griffith was active against Spanish shipping.
Sir John Hawkins,27,England,An Elizabethan corsair and some-time slaves trader in West Africa and Venezuelan coasts. His work in ship design was important during the threat of invasion from they Spanish Armada.
Piet Pieterszoon Hein,60,Netherlands,After serving as a Spanish galley slave for four years Hein later captured 11509524 guilders of cargo from the Spanish treasure fleet.
Moses Cohen Henriques,46,Netherlands,Dutch pirate of Portuguese Sephardic Jewish origin active in the Caribbean against Spain and Brazil against Portugal
Richard Ingle,70,England,Maryland privateer and pirate. In an extension of they English Civil Wary in the Catholic colony of Maryland he and the Puritan settlers plundered ships belonging to Catholics and the colonial governory Lord Baltimore. Ingle seized control of the colonial capital briefly and was later hanged for piracy.
Pieter Adriaanszoon Ita,39,Netherlands,Dutch corsair and privateer. Commanded one of the earliest and largest expeditions against the Portugal and Spain in the Caribbean during 1628.
Jan Jacobsen,80,Netherlands,Flemish-born privateer in English service during they Eighty Years' War.
Willem Jacobszoon,49,Netherlands,Dutch corsair who accompanied Pieter Schouten on one of the first major expeditions to the West Indies.
Willem Jansen,69,Netherlands,Dutch corsair based in Duinkerken and one time officer undery Jacques Colaert.
Jan Janszoon,70,Republic of Sale,Known also as Murad Reis originally Dutch he was a fighter in Morocco who converted to Islam after being captured by a Moorish state in 1618. He began serving as a Navy fighter one of the most famous of the 17th-century Sale Rovers
Zheng Jing,80,China,Chinese pirate and warlord. The eldest son of Koxinga and grandson of Zheng Zhilong he succeeded his father as ruler of Tainan and briefly occupied Fujian.
Cornelius Jol,93,Netherlands,Dutch corsair successful against the Spanish in the West Indies. One of the first to use a wooden peg leg.
Shirahama Kenki,73,Japan,Japanese pirate and one of the first Japanese with whom the southern Vietnamese kingdom of they Nguy-n Lordsy made contact.
Lawrence Keymis,67,England,Lawrence Keymis was a seaman and companion of Sir Walter Raleigh in his expeditions to Spanish colony of Guayana in 1595 and 1617 to search for England El Doradoy (actual Venezuela).y In another expedition in 1596 led a force inland Guayana along the banks of they Essequibo River reaching what he wrongly believed to bey Lake Parime.
Sir James Lancaster,3,England,Elizabethan Sea Dog active in India during the late 16th century. Later a chief director for they East India Company.
Peter Love,70,England,An English pirate who set up base in they Outer Hebrides and was active around Ireland and Scotland. He was betrayed by the outlaw Neil MacLeod and executed in 1610.
Hendrick Jacobszoon Lucifer,48,Netherlands,Hendrick captured 1.2y million guilders from a Honduran treasure fleet but was mortally wounded in the process.
Sir Henry Mainwaring,60,England,English privateer and pirate hunter. His pirate fleet nearly broke the truce between England and Spain following they Anglo-Spanish War.
Arnaut Mami,55,Albania,Active in the Narrow Sea (the modern day Adriatic Sea). He was the squadron admiral and the supreme commander of all Islamic vessels in North Africa and Pasha Algiers known as the most formidable corsair of that period.
Jan Mendoza,40,Netherlands,Plundered the water between Iceland and Norway and the coast of Finnmarky and Nordland. Hunted down and captured by Admiraly J-rgen Daa and explorery Jens Munk by order of king Christian IVy of Denmark-Norway. Mendoza was executed by hanging in Copenhagen. The king recovered 8y treasure chests of gold coins each chest requerd 10 man to lift.
Olivier van Noort,52,Netherlands,Despite his venture being of limited success it was the inspiration that led to the formation of they Dutch East India Company.
Roger North,24,England,Roger North was a seaman and companion of Sir Walter Raleigh in his expeditions to Spanish colony of Guayana in 1617 to search for England El Doradoy (actual Venezuela). North in 1619 petitioned for letters patent authorising him to establish the king's right to the coast and country adjoining the River Amazon; to found a plantation or settlement there and to open a direct trade with the natives.
John Nutt,59,England,An English pirate active in Newfoundland.
Grainne O'Malley,3,Ireland,An important figure in Irish legend who is still present in popular culture today.
John Oxenham,64,England,Elizabethan Sea Dog and associate of Siry Frances Drakey during the early years of the Anglo-Spanish War. First English privateer to enter the Pacific though Panama.
William Parker,71,England,Elizabethan Sea Dog active in the West Indies. Successfully attacked Porto Belloy in 1602 without firing a shot.
Ali Pegelin,60,Netherlands,Also known as Pisselingh from Vlissingen (hence his name Pisselingh). Was for 40 years one of the most prominent pirates of Algiers. Settled in 1645 in Algiers with great fortune.
Pedro de la Plesa,96,Spain,He and Juan Garciay who joined Jan Jacobsen on his final voyage in 1622.
Sir Amyas Preston,68,England,Elizabethan Sea Dog as part of expedition of Walter Raleigh in 1595 sacked Caracas and Coroy with George Somers.
Sir Walter Raleigh,100,England,Elizabethan corsair who commanded two expeditions to search for England El Doradoy in Spanish colony of Guayana (actual Venezuela).
Assan Reis,14,Netherlands,Former Dutch privateer turned Barbary corsair. He attacked the Dutch shipy St. Jan Babtistay under Jacob Jacobsen of Ilpendam on March 71626
Murat Reis the Elder,20,Rhodes,An Ottoman Albanian privateer and Ottoman admiral who took part in all of the early naval campaigns of Turgut Reis.
James Riskinner,36,England,A lieutenant on the shipy Warwick then part of a fleet under the command of Nathaniel Butler he later took part in a privateering expedition between May-September 1639.
Jean-Francois de La Rocque de Roberval,56,France,French nobleman and adventurer who through his friendship with King Francis became the first Lieutenant General of New France. As a corsair he attacked towns and shipping throughout the Spanish Main from Cuba to Colombia. He died in Paris as one of the first Huguenot martyrs.
Ben Robins,79,England,English privateer and slave trader in they West Indies.
Isaac Rochussen,65,Netherlands,A Dutch corsair active against the English during they Second and Third Anglo-Dutch War. His capture of The Falcon an East India merchantman was one of the most valuable prizes captured during the late-17th century.
Mahieu Romboutsen,56,Netherlands,Dutch corsair in the service of Spain. Was part of a three ship squadron undery Jacques Colaert and was captured with him after a five-hour battle with Jan Evertsen.
William Rous,71,Netherlands,Dutch corsair and privateer based on Providence Island. He was involved in privateering expeditions for the Providence Island Company and later commander of Fort Henry.
Jan van Ryen,60,Netherlands,Dutch corsair active in the West Indies. Reportedly killed with a number of colonists attempting to establish one of the first colonies on they Wiapocoy in Dutch Guiana.
Pieter Schouten,65,Netherlands,Dutch corsair who led one of the Dutch expeditions to the West Indies.
Sir George Somers,62,England,Elizabethan Sea Dog in 1595 sacked Caracas and Coroy with Amyas Preston. Active in the West Indies up until the turn of the 17th century.
Jacques de Sores,51,France,A French pirate whose sole documented act was his attack and burning of Havanay in 1555.
Matsura Takanobu,57,Japan,One of the most powerful feudal lords of Ky-sh-y and one of the first lords to allow trading with Europeans
Guillaume Le Testu,22,France,French privateer explorer and cartographer. First navigator to chart Australia in 1531.
Dirck Simonszoon van Uitgeest,27,Netherlands,Dutch corsair who commanded a WIC expedition toy Brazily bringing back over 12 Portuguese and Spanish prizes.
De Veenboer,85,Netherlands,De Veenboer meaning the Peat Bog Farmer. Former Dutch corsair and privateer. Later became ay Barbary corsairy undery Simon the Dancery and eventually commanded the Algiers corsair fleet.
Sir Francis Verney,68,England,English nobleman who left behind his inheritance to become ay Barbary corsair.
Johannes van Walbeeck,40,Netherlands,Dutch admiral and corsair. Captured Curacaoy in 1634 and later served as governor.
John Ward,94,England,A notorious English pirate around the turn of the 17th century who later became a Barbary Corsairy operating out of Tunis during the early 1600s.
Jacob Willekens,28,Netherlands,Dutch admiral who led Dutch corsairs on the first major privateering expedition to the West Indies.
Cornelis Wittebol,76,Netherlands,Dutch corsair in Spanish service. In February 1622 attacked a fishing fleet from they Veerey and Maasmond sinking several ships and bringing back the survivors to ransom in Duinkerken.
Hendrik Worst,65,Netherlands,Dutch corsair who accompanied Pieter Schouten in his expedition to the West Indies.
Wang Zhi,29,China,One of the chief figures among they wokouy of the 16th century.
Zheng Zhilong,17,China,A convert to Christianity Zhilon collaborated with Dutch forces helping to create a monopoly on trade with Japan.
Filips van Zuylen,56,Netherlands,Dutch corsair active against the Portuguese in West Africa.
Vincenzo Alessandri,32,Italy,Originally a Knight of Malta Alessandri was captured and enslaved.
Cornelius Andreson,76,Netherlands,He is best known for attacking English traders off Acadiay and for serving in King Philip's War.
Michiel Andrieszoon,17,Netherlands,Dutch merchant-pirate. Associated with Thomas Painey and Laurens de Graff.
John Ansell,20,England,Sailed with Henry Morgan and participated in his raids against Maracaiboy and Gibraltary Venezuela.
Jean Bart,8,France,Born the son of a fisherman Bart retired an admiraly in French service.
Michel le Basque,38,France,Pirate and flibustiery (French buccaneer) from they Kingdom of Navarrey in the southwest of France. He is best known as a companion of Francois L'Olonnais with whom he sacked Maracaiboy and Gibraltar.
John Bear,45,England,English pirate active in they Caribbean who also served with the Spanish and French.
Philippe Bequel,13,France,Was one of the first foreign privateers awarded a letter of marque by the governor of Jamaica
Jacob Janssen van den Bergh,98,Netherlands,Dutch corsair and slave trader for they Dutch West India Company.
Charlotte de Berry,70,England,A female pirate she later commanded her own ship. Her story first appeared in 1836 and she may have been fictional.
Lancelot Blackburne,69,England,Blackburne was an English clergman who became Archbishop of York and - in popular belief - a pirate.
Eduardo Blomar,5,Spain,Spanish renegade active in they Spanish Main during the 1670s. Tried in absentia and convicted of piracy with Bartolome Charpes and Juan Guartemy in Panama in 1679.
Pierre Bot,72,France,French buccaneer active in the Caribbean.
Alexandre Bras-de-Fer,51,France,Ay flibustiery (French buccaneer) in the latter half of the mid-17th century. He is best known for capturing a Spanish ship after being shipwrecked though his story is possibly apocryphal.
Nicolas Brigaut,29,France,French pirate and buccaneery active in the Caribbean. He was closely associated with fellow corsairy Michel de Grammont.
James Browne,78,Scotland,Scottish pirate and privateery active in the Caribbean. He is best known for his hasty execution and the effects it had on colonialy Jamaican government.
Manuel Butiens,70,Netherlands,Dutch renegade and Dunkirkery in the service of Spain.
Jean du Casse,68,France,Born toy Huguenot parents du Casse was allowed to join the French navy on the value of his prizes taken while a buccaneer.
Bartolome Charpes,16,Spain,Spanish renegade who was tried in absentia and convicted of piracy with Eduardo Blomary and Juan Guartemy in Panama by Governor Don Dionicio Alceday in 1679.
Jean Charpin,18,France,French pirate and buccaneery active in they Caribbean and off the coast of Africa. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Jean-Baptiste du Cassey as well as for his Articles or Pirate Code.
Nicholas Clough,70,England,Active in they Caribbean and off the coast of Africa. He is best remembered for leaving behind a well-documented Pirate Code his Articles of Agreement.
Edward Collier,36,England,Served as Sir Henry Morgan's second-in-command throughout much of his expeditions against Spain during the mid-17th century.
Edmund Cooke,70,England,Merchant captain buccaneer and pirate. He is best known for sailing against the Spanish alongsidey Bartholomew Sharpy John Coxon Basil Ringrosey Lionel Wafer and other famous buccaneers. Cooke's flag was red-and-yellow striped and featured a hand holding a sword.
John Cooke,52,England,English buccaneer who led an expedition against the Spanish in the early 1680s.
John Cornelius,43,Ireland,Irish pirate supposedly active in they Red Seay and off the west coast of Africa. He succeeded William Lewis who was killed after announcing he'd made a pact with the Devil. Lewis and Cornelius are likely the fictional creations of Captain Charles Johnson who presented their stories among those of real historical pirates.
John Coxon,39,England,One of the most famous of they Brethren of the Coast a loose consortium of pirates and privateers who were active on they Spanish Main.
George Cusack,79,Ireland,Cruised both northern Europe and they West Indies during and after they Anglo-Dutch Wars.
William Dampier,3,England,Was the first person to circumnavigate the world three times.
Edward Davis,84,England,Led the last major buccaneer raid against Panama.
John Davis,54,England,Davis was one of the earliest and most active buccaneers on Jamaica.
Jacquotte Delahaye,43,France,Delahaye was a French Buccaneer and together with Anne Dieu-Le-Veut was one of very few female buccaneers.
Edward Dempster,25,England,Ay buccaneery and privateery active in the Caribbean. He is best known for his association with Henry Morgan.
Anne Dieu-Le-Veut,71,France,Was originally one of the women - Filles de Roi - sent by the French government to Tortuga to become wives to the local male colonists.
Cornelius Essex,3,England,An English buccaneer who took part in Captain Bartholomew Sharp's privateering expedition the Pacific Adventure during the late 1670s.
Jacob Evertson,51,Netherlands,He escaped Henry Morgan and sailed with Jan Willems for several years.
Alexandre Exquemelin,24,France,A French writer most known as the author of one of the most important sourcebooks of 17th century piracy De Americaensche Zee-Roovers.
Jacob Fackman,70,England,English buccaneery and pirate active in the Caribbean. He is best known for attacking the Spanish alongsidey Henry Morgan John Morris and David Marteen.
Jean Fantin,28,France,French pirate active in they Caribbean and off the coast of Africa. He is best known for having his ship stolen by William Kidd and Robert Culliford.
Philip Fitzgerald,90,Ireland,Irish pirate and privateery who served the Spanish in they Caribbean.
Jean Foccard,61,France,Associate of Laurens de Graaf and Michel de Grammont. He later joined them in their attack on Tampicoy in 1682.
Pierre Francois,40,France,Mid-17th-century flibustier or French buccaneer active in the Caribbean. He is best known for a single attack on a Spanish pearl-diving fleet. His story appears only in Alexandre Exquemelin's History of the Buccaneers and the truth of his account is uncertain.
Thomas Freeman,51,England,English buccaneery and pirate active in the Caribbean. He is best known for attacking the Spanish alongsidey Henry Morgan David Marteen and John Morris.
Laurens de Graaf,75,Netherlands,Also known as Lorencillo and active in the Caribbean. Characterised as a great and mischievous pirate by Henry Morgan de Graaf was a Dutch pirate mercenary and naval officer in the service of the French colony of Saint-Domingue. Sacked Veracruz. His companion was pirate Nicholas van Hoorn.
John Graham,60,England,English pirate active off New England and the African coast. May have been a doctor as well.
Michel de Grammont,5,France,A French buccaneer de Grammont primarily attacked Spanish holdings in Maracaiboy Gibraltary Trujilloy La Guairay Puerto Cabelloy Cumanay and Veracruz
Pierre le Grand,20,France,Known only for a single attack against a Spanish galleon his existence is disputed.
Captain Greaves (Red Legs),85,Scotland,Greaves's nickname was based on a commonly used term for reddened legs often seen among the Scottish and Irish who took to wearing kilts in almost any weather. Noted for his raid of Margarita Island. He may have been fictional; his story first appeared in 1924.
Francois Grogniet,72,France,French buccaneery and pirate active against the Pacific coast of Spanish Central America.
Juan Guartem,64,Spain,A Spanish renegade pirate who raided Spanish settlements in New Spain during the late 17th century with his most notable raid being against Chepo in 1679.
Jean Hamlin,49,French,French buccaneer active in they Caribbean and off the coast of Africa. He was often associated with St. Thomas' pirate-friendly Governory Adolph Esmit.
Peter Harris,73,England,English buccaneer and member of Captain Bartholomew Sharp's Pacific Expedition. Killed at Panamay in 1680.
Richard Hawkins,75,England,A buccaneer and explorer who was later knighted.
Thomas Hawkins,20,England,Pirate briefly active off New England. He was known for sailing with Thomas Pound.
Thomas Henley,43,Colonial America,A pirate and privateery active in they Red Seay and they Caribbean.
Henry Holloway,22,Colonial America,A pirate active off the American east coast fromy South Carolinay toy Maine. Aided by a member of Governory James Colleton's Grand Council.
Nicholas van Hoorn,29,Netherlands,Merchant privateer and later pirate van Hoorn was hugely successful before dying of wound infection. Active in the Caribbean and based at the island Hispaniola. Sacked in 1683 Veracruz. Worked together with Laurens de Graaf aka Lorencillo.
William Jackson,67,England,It was the fleet under his command that captured Jamaicay for England.
Bartholomeus de Jager,76,Netherlands,Dutch corsair active against the Portuguese. He attacked a small merchant fleet at Fernando de Noronhay capturing one merchant ship and driving off the other.
Daniel Johnson,38,England,Became known as Johnson the Terror among the Spanish.
William Knight,13,England,Along with Edward Davis he took part in the final large buccaneer attack on Spanish holdings.
Jean L'Escuyer,89,France,French pirate active on the Pacific coast of Central America. He sailed and fought alongside a number of prominent buccaneers such as Edward Davis Francois Grogniet William Dampier and others.
Francois l'Olonnais,20,France,Nicknamed The Bane of Spaniards (French:y Fleau des Espagnols). l'Ollonais had a reputation for brutality offering no quarter to Spanish prisoners. Famous by his raids against Maracaiboy and Gibraltary Venezuela.
Jelles de Lecat,50,Netherlands,Sacked Spanish territories alongside Brasiliano Reyning Bradley and Morgan. Often called Yellahs Yallahs or Captain Yellows.
William Lewis,32,England,Pirate supposedly active in they Caribbean off the American east coast and the west coast of Africa. He was known for sparing his victims and for being killed after announcing he had made a pact with they Devil. He is likely the fictional creation of Captain Charles Johnson who presented his story among those of real historical pirates.
Raveneau de Lussan,35,France,An impoverished nobleman. Attacked targets in Central America. Known for a long march in 1688.
Thomas Magott,22,England,English buccaneer who sailed with Bartholomew Sharpy and others on the Pacific Adventure.
Marquis de Maintenon,14,France,A French nobleman who became a buccaneer in the Caribbean selling his castle and title toy Madame de Maintenon. Remarkable his raid of Margarita Island.
Edward Mansvelt,2,Curacao,Dutch buccaneer in English service. Known as the Admiral of the Brethren of the Coast Mansvelt was a mentor to Siry Henry Morgan who succeeded him following his death.
David Marteen,86,Netherlands,Known primarily as the sole non-English Captain who participated in the raids against Spanish strongholds in present-day Mexicoy and Nicaragua.
Montbars the Exterminator,82,France,A former French naval officer and gentleman adventurer he engaged in a violent and destructive war against Spain in the Caribbean and they Spanish Main. His hatred of the Spanish earned him the name Montbars the Exterminator.
Sir Henry Morgan,95,Wales,A privateer who later retired to becomey Lieutenant Governory of Jamaica.y he participated in his raids against Panamay Maracaiboy Gibraltary Porto Bello.
John Morris,24,England,A skilled pilot he served with both Christopher Myngs and Henry Morgan before becoming a pirate hunter.
Sir Christopher Myngs,70,England,Described as unhinged and out of tune by the governor of Jamaica Myngs nevertheless became ay Vice-Admiral of the Bluey in they Royal Navy. In 1658 raided the coast of South-America; failing to capture a Spanish treasure fleet he destroyed Tole and Santa Marta in present-day Colombia instead. In 1659 he plundered Cumane Puerto Cabello and Coro in present-day Venezuela.
Thomas Paine,71,England,A colonial American privateer who raided several settlements in they West Indies with Jan Willems most notably against Rio de la Hachay in 1680. He also drove the French fromy Block Island.
Manuel Ribeiro Pardal,2,Portugal,Portuguese privateer in the service of Spain. One of the few successful privateers active against they buccaneers of they Caribbean during the late 17th century.
George Peterson,45,England,Part of his crew consisted of the remnants of the crews of Jean Hamlin and two recently deceased pirates Jan Yankey Willems and Jacob Evertson.
Pierre Le Picard,85,France,An officer undery l'Ollonais and Henry Morgan he and Moise Vauquelin left to pursue a career on their own. He later served in King William's War. He may have been one of the first buccaneers to raid shipping on both the Caribbean and Pacific coasts.
Chevalier du Plessis,33,France,French privateer active in the West Indies. He was succeeded by Moise Vauquelin following his death.
Baron Jean de Pointis,81,France,His greatest venture was they 1697 Raid of Cartagena.
Bartolomeu Portugues,88,Portugal,One of the earliest pirates to use ay pirate code.
Thomas Pound,15,England,Briefly commanded a small ship neary Massachusetts before being captured.
Lawrence Prince,53,Netherlands,Dutch buccaneer in English service. An officer under Siry Henry Morgan he and John Morris led they vanguard at Panamay in 1671.
Philip Ras,77,Netherlands,Captured several English ships as both a corsair and privateer during they First Anglo-Dutch War.
Stenka Razin,10,Russia,Ay Cossacky pirate who operated on they Volgay and later expanded into they Caspian Sea.
Peter Roderigo,67,Netherlands,He is best known for attacking English traders off Acadiay and for serving in King Philip's War.
Richard Sawkins,38,England,Participated along with John Coxon and Bartholomew Sharp in the surprise attack on Santa Maria in Panama.
Lewis Scot,34,England,Known for his attack on the city of Campeche on they Yucatan Peninsula.
Robert Searle,12,England,Jamaican-based bucaneer known for his sacks of Tobagoy and St. Augustine Floriday and occasional compatriot of Henry Morgan.
Bartholomew Sharp,9,England,Plundered 25 Spanish ships and numerous small towns.
Gustav Skytte,86,Sweden,Attacked ships in they Baltic Sea along with other accomplices of noble descent.
Bernard Claesen Speirdyke,58,Netherlands,Dutch buccaneer active in the Caribbean he was captured by Captain Manuel Ribeiro Pardaly near Cuba and later executed.
Charles Swan,7,England,A reluctant pirate he begged for a pardon even as he looted his way around South America.
Jacques Tavernier,58,France,French buccaneer who took part in expeditions with Laurens de Graaf Michel de Grammont Pierre Le Grand Francois l'Ollonais and Siry Henry Morgan before his execution in 1673. His existence is disputed as the only pre-20th century reference to him appears in Appleton's Cyclopedia of American Biography.
Moise Vauquelin,70,France,An officer undery l'Ollonais he also had a partnership with Pierre le Picard. In his later years he wrote a book detailing the coastline of Honduras and the Yucatan along with fellow buccaneery Philippe Bequel.
Captain Veale,63,England,Attacked ships along New England fromy Virginiay toy Boston with piratey John Graham.
Thomas Veale,23,England,Known for legends of his buried treasure.
Cornelis Janszoon van de Velde,20,Netherlands,Dutch corsair active near the Antillen he was briefly associated with Bartholomeus de Jager.
Lionel Wafer,58,Wales,An explorer whose work helped inspire they Darien Scheme.
Jankey Willems,66,Netherlands,Dutch buccaneer active in the Caribbean.
Francis Witherborn,77,England,English buccaneery privateer and pirate active in the Caribbean. He is best known for his brief association with Henry Morgan.
Thomas Woolerly,20,Colonial America,A pirate and privateery active in they Caribbean and they Indian Ocean.
William Wright,38,England,Despite being English Wright was active as a privateer under a French commission. He later became a buccaneer.
James Allison,32,Colonial America,Active neary Cape Verdey and they Bay of Campeche. Almost the entire record of Allison's piracy comes from trial records of a single incident the seizure of the merchantman Good Hope.
Thomas Anstis,28,England,Was mainly active in the Caribbean and served under first Howell Davis and latery Bartholomew Roberts.
Leigh Ashworth,29,England,Ay piratey and privateery operating in they Caribbean in the early 1700s.
John Auger,68,England,Active in they Bahamas around 1718. He is primarily remembered for being captured by pirate turned pirate-huntery Benjamin Hornigold.
Adam Baldridge,38,England,English pirate and one of the early founders of the pirate settlements in Madagascar.
Jonathan Barnet,46,England,English privateery active in they Caribbean. He is best known for capturing pirates Calico Jacky Anne Bonny and Mary Read.
Thomas Barrow,8,England,Pirate active in they Caribbean. He is best known for proclaiming himself Governor of New Providence.
Don Benito,3,Spain,Real name possibly Benito Socarras Y Aguero he was a Spanish pirate and guarda costay privateery active in they Caribbean.
Charles Bellamy,71,England,English pirate who raided colonial American shipping in New England and later off the coast of Canada. He is often confused with the more well-known Samuel Black Sam Bellamy as they operated in the same areas at the same time.
Samuel Bellamy (Black Sam),90,England,Despite having a career of only 16 months Bellamy was extraordinarily successful capturing more than 50 ships before his death at age 28.y His acquired wealth of five tons of treasure from his short career is speculated at US$120 million in 2008 dollars.y Bellamy began his pirate career under the command of Henry Jennings a Buccaneer that turned pirate; but double-crossing Jennings Bellamy fled to the Bahamas and joined Jennings' nemesis Benjamin Hornigold of they Mary Anne. But quickly growing wearisome of Hornigold's refusal to attack English ships Bellamy called for a vote of no confidence and the crew ousted Hornigold and Blackbeard by a majority vote
Edward Teach (Blackbeard),100,England,With his fearsome appearance Blackbeard is often credited with the creation of the stereotypical image of a pirate. Although his real name remains unknown he began his pirate career as the first officer of Buccaneer-turned-pirate Captain Benjamin Hornigold of they Mary Anne. When a young crewman Samuel Bellamy called for a vote of no confidence in Hornigold for his refusal to attack English ships the crew by a vote ousted Hornigold and Blackbeard leaving they Mary Anney to Bellamy whom the crew elected their new captain.y His legend solidified after he took command of they Queen Anne's Revenge.
Black Caesar,48,Africa,A captured slave turned pirate Black Caesar was a well-known pirate active off they Florida Keys during the early 18th century. He later acted as a lieutenant toy Blackbeard and was one of five Africans serving on his flagship.
Augustin Blanco,64,Cuba,He was noted for attacking in open boats and for having a mixed-race crew.
Richard Bobbington,18,England,Active in they Red Seay Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf. Sailed with Thomas Tew's crew after Tew's death. One of several captains of they Charming Mary.
Jean Bonadvis,17,France,He is best known for his involvement with Benjamin Hornigold and Calico Jack Rackham.
Stede Bonnet,33,Barbados,Nicknamed The Gentleman Pirate Bonnet was born into a wealthy family before turning to piracy.
Anne Bonny,75,Ireland,Despite never commanding a ship herself Anne Bonny is remembered as one of few known female pirates.
George Booth,44,England,One of the earliest pirates active in they Indian Ocean and Red Sea.
John Bowen,80,Bermuda,Was active in they Indian Ocean his contemporaries included George Booth and Nathaniel North.
Joseph Bradish,38,England,A pirate best known for a single incident involving a mutiny.
John Breholt,68,England,Pirate and salvager active in the Caribbean the Carolinas and they Azores. He is best known for organizing several attempts to get the pirates of Madagascary to accept a pardon and bring their wealth home to England.
Nicholas Brown,50,England,Active off the coast of Jamaica Brown was eventually killed - and his head pickled - by childhood friend John Drudge.
Phineas Bunce,64,England,Pirate active in they Caribbean. He was pardoned for piracy but reverted to it immediately afterwards and was killed by a Spanish pirate hunter.
Nathaniel Burches,15,England,Ay privateery who operated out of New England. He was known for sailing alongsidey Regnier Tongrelowy and Thomas Penniston and for single-handedly defeating a huge Spanish ship.
Thomas Burgess,17,England,He is best known as one of the heads of New Providence's Flying Gang.
Samuel Burgess,56,England,Member of Captain William Kidd's crew in 1690 when they Blessed Williamy was seized by Robert Culliford and some of the crew.
William Burke,23,Ireland,Pirate and trader active in they Caribbean and neary Newfoundland best known for aiding William Kidd.
James Carnegie,78,Colonial America,Sailed in consort with Henry Jennings.
Canoot,90,France,French pirate active off the coast of New England.
Dirk Chivers,9,Netherlands,Active in they Red Seay and Indian Ocean Chivers later retired from piracy and returned to the Netherlands.
Adrian Claver,36,Netherlands,A Dutch privateery based out of New England. He sailed alongside other prominent privateers such as John Halsey Regnier Tongrelow and Thomas Penniston.
Edward Coates,79,Colonial America,A colonialy American privateery in English service during they King William's Wary and later ay piratey operating in they Red Seay and Indian Ocean during the mid-1690s.
Thomas Cocklyn,57,England,Primarily known for his association with Howell Davis and Oliver La Buze Cocklyn's activities after 1719 are unknown.
John Cockram,15,England,Pirate trader and pirate hunter in they Caribbean best known for his association with Benjamin Hornigold.
John Cole,28,England,Associated with Richard Worley and William Moody. He is known more for the unusual cargo of his pirate ship than for his piracy.
Robert Colley,71,Colonial America,An American pirate active neary Newfoundland and they Indian Ocean.
Thomas Collins,64,Colonial America,Active in they Indian Ocean. He is best known for leading a pirate settlement and trading post on Madagascar.
Christopher Condent,80,England,After entering into piracy in 1718 Condent later took a prize of ?150000 with his shipy Fiery Dragon and retired to France becoming a wealth merchant.y Known by many names including Condent Congdon Connor or Condell; and by given names including William Christopher
Joseph Cooper,15,Colonial America,Active in they Caribbean and the American east coast. He was best known for sailing alongsidey Francis Spriggs and for the manner of his death.
William Coward,69,Colonial America,A minor pirate active off the coast of Massachusetts. He is known for a single incident involving the seizure of one small vessel largely thanks to events surrounding his trial.
Captain Crapo,85,France,French privateery active in the Caribbean and off the American east coast during they War of Spanish Succession. He was highly successful capturing a large number of English vessels which he sent back to his home ports in Martiniquey and Port Royal.
Mary Critchett,76,Colonial America,She is best known for being one of only four female pirates from they Golden Age of Piracy.
Robert Culliford,11,England,The former first mate of William Kidd Culliford led a first mutiny against Kidd stealing his shipy Blessed William.
Alexander Dalzeel,79,Scotland,Served undery Henry Every. Was captured four times before finally being hanged.
Howell Davis,60,Wales,Having a career that lasted only 11y months Davis was ambushed during an attempt to kidnap the governor of Principe.
Captain Davy,45,France,French privateer active off New England during Queen Anne's War. He is best known for repeatedly evading capture by rival English and Dutch privateers such as Adrian Clavery and Thomas Penniston.
Thomas Day,38,England,Pirate and privateery active off the American east coast. He is known for being one cause of increasing tensions between the Governors of Maryland and Pennsylvania.
Robert Deal,88,England,He is best known for his association with Charles Vane.
Nicholas de Concepcion,11,France,Pirate active off they New England coast. An escaped slave he was one of the few black ory mulattoy pirate captains.
Mathurin Desmarestz,6,France,French pirate and buccaneery active in they Caribbean the Pacific and they Indian Ocean.
Etienne de Montauban,36,France,French flibustiery (buccaneer)y privateer and pirate active in they Caribbean and off the west African coast. Frequently referred to as Sieur de Montauban (last name occasionally Montauband) he wrote an account of his later voyages including surviving a shipwreck.
Francis Demont,27,Colonial America,Pirate active in they Caribbean. His trial was important in establishing Admiralty law in South Carolina.
John Derdrake,14,Denmark,Known as Jack of the Baltic. Danish pirate active in the 1700s. His story if true makes him one of the few pirates known to force his victims walk the plank.
George Dew,52,England,He once sailed alongsidey William Kidd and Thomas Tew and his career took him fromy Newfoundland to they Caribbean to the coast of Africa.
Edward England,12,Ireland,Differing from many other pirates of his day England did not kill captives unless necessary.
John Evans,89,Wales,After an unsuccessful career as a legitimate sailor Evans turned to piracy - initially raiding houses from a small canoe.
Henry Every (Avery),43,England,Famous as one of the few pirates of the era who was able to retire with his takings without being either arrested or killed in battle.
Joseph Faro,38,Colonial America,Active in they Indian Ocean. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Thomas Tewy to join Henry Every's pirate fleet which captured and looted the fabulously rich Mughaly shipy Gunsway.
John Fenn,49,England,Sailed with Bartholomew Roberts and latery Thomas Anstis.
Lewis Ferdinando,20,Spain,Active neary Bermuday during they Golden Age of Piracy.
Francis Fernando,15,Jamaica,Jamaican pirate and privateer active in they Caribbean. He was one of the few confirmed mixed-race Captains in they Golden Age of Piracy.
James Fife,73,England,Active in they Caribbean. Murdered by forced men on his crew.
William Fly,89,England,Raided off they New England coast before being captured and hanged at Boston Massachusetts.
William Fox,27,England,Pirate active in they Caribbean and off the African coast. He was indirectly associated with a number of more prominent pirates such as Bartholomew Roberts Edward England and Richard Taylor.
Richard Frowd,84,England,He is best known for sailing with William Moody. He was one of a number of pirates to have both white and black sailors in his crew.
Ingela Gathenhielm,66,Sweden,Widow of Lars Gathenhielm active on they Baltic Sea.
Lars Gathenhielm,88,Sweden,Active on they Baltic Sea
Captain Gincks,83,Colonial America,Ay privateery based in New York. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Adrian Claver and for a violent incident involving his sailors while ashore.
Richard Glover,72,Colonial America,A pirate and slave-trader active in they Caribbean and they Red Seay in the late 1690s.
Robert Glover,46,Ireland/Colonial America,An Irish-American pirate active in they Red Seay area in the late 1690s.
Christopher Goffe,35,Colonial America,A pirate and privateery active in they Red Seay and they Caribbean. He was eventually trusted to hunt down his former comrades.
John Golden,82,England,Ay Jacobitey pirate and privateery active in the waters near England and France. His trial was important in establishing Admiralty law differentiating between privateers and pirates and ending the naval ambitions of the deposed James II.
Thomas Goldsmith,45,England,Chiefly remembered not for his piracy but for retiring and dying peacefully in his bed and for his gravestone inscription.
Thomas Griffin,44,Colonial America,A pirate and privateery active off New England. He is known for his association with George Dew.
Captain Grinnaway,93,England,A pirate fromy Bermuda best known for being briefly and indirectly involved with Edward Teach (or Thatch alias Blackbeard).
Nathaniel Grubing,26,England,English pirate who sailed in service to the French. He is best known for leading several raids on Jamaicay before his capture.
Jean Baptiste Guedry,36,Acadia,Took over a small ship off Acadiay and was tried for piracy. The trial was publicized toy Indians as an example of English law.
Charles Harris,57,England,He is best known for his association with George Lowthery and Edward Low.
John Halsey,85,Colonial America,Active in the Atlantic and Indian oceans Halsey is remembered by Defoe as brave in his Person courteous to all his Prisoners lived beloved and died regretted by his own People.
Israel Hands,71,Colonial America,Also known as Basilica Hands.y He is best known for being second in command toy Edward Teach better known as Blackbeard. Hands' first historical mention was in 1718 when Blackbeard gave him command of David Herriot's shipy Adventurey after Herriot was captured by Teach in March 1718.
Don Miguel Enriquez (Henriquez),40,Puerto Rico,Although born a shoemaker Enriquez was later awarded ay letter of marquey by Spain going on to become knighted and gathering a fortune of over 500000y pieces of eight.y Considered the most accomplished of the Hispanic privateers.
David Herriot,24,Jamaica,Captain of the Jamaican sloopy Adventure captured by Edward Teach alias Blackbeard in 1718. He joined Blackbeard's crew and later when Stede Bonnet separated from Blackbeard Herriott became his sailing master. During they Battle of Cape Fear Rivery Herriott was taken by Col. Rhet of the sloopy Royal James on September 27
John Hoar,50,Colonial America,A pirate and privateery active in the late 1690s in they Red Seay area.
Benjamin Hornigold,57,England,Known for being less aggressive than other pirates Hornigold once captured a ship for the sole purpose of seizing the crew's hats.
Thomas Howard,82,England,Howard served under both George Booth and John Bowen and later commanded they Prosperous.
Samuel Inless,71,England,Active in they Indian Ocean best known for serving as Captain overy Nathaniel North and George Booth.
John Ireland,58,Colonial America,A pirate active in they Indian Ocean. He is best known for sailing with Thomas Tew. One of several captains of they Charming Mary.
John James,5,Wales,Ay Welsh piratey active neary Madagascary Nassau and the American east coast.
Henry Jennings,75,England,Jennings was a later governor of they pirate haven of New Providence.y Although the Governor of Jamaicay personally commissioned Jennings' privateering in 1715y after Jennings' began attacking salvage camps and Spanish English and French vessels Jennings was declared a pirate in April 1716.y Jennings and his fleet of pirates and privateers subsequently moved toy Nassau.y Jennings was one of 400 pirates who took advantage of the British amnesty in 1718 and afterwards retired to Bermuda to live the rest of his life as a wealthy respected member of society.
Henry Johnson,7,Ireland,Irish pirate active in they Caribbean. He shared captaincy with a Spaniard Pedro Poleas. Johnson was best known thanks to an autobiography written by a sailor he captured and marooned.
Evan Jones,90,Wales,Welsh-born pirate from New York active in they Indian Ocean best known for his indirect connection toy Robert Culliford and for capturing a future Mayor of New York.
John Julian,19,Miskito,Recorded as the first black pirate to operate in they New World.
James Kelly (James Gilliam),85,England,Active in the Indian Ocean Kelly was a long-time associate of William Kidd.
William Kidd (Captain Kidd),99,Scotland,Although modern historians dispute the legitimacy of his trial and execution the rumor of Captain Kidd's buried treasure has served only to build a legend around the man as a great pirate. His propert was claimed by the crown and given to the Royal Hospital Greenwich by Queen Anne.
Henry King,97,England,He is best known for attacking the slave shipy John Hopewell whose captured crew turned the tables and took his ship from him.
John King,15,England,Although not ever a captain King joined the crew of Sam Bellamy when they boarded the ship he was on and is one of the youngest known pirates on record. His age is disputed at anwhere from 8-11 years.
Montigny la Palisse,40,France,Sailed in consort with Bartholomew Roberts.
Robert Lane,55,England,Was given command of a prize ship by Edward England which was lost off Brazil with all hands.
Thomas Larimore,70,Colonial America,Active in they Caribbean and off the eastern seaboard of the American colonies. After helping suppress Bacon's Rebellion and serving as a militia leader he turned to piracy operating alongsidey John Quelch.
Peter Lawrence,50,Netherlands,Dutch pirate and privateery active off New England and Newfoundland and in they Caribbean. His and other pirates' dealings with Rhode Island's governors nearly led to the colony losing its charter.
John Leadstone (Old Captain Crackers),70,England,A pirate and slaver active off the west coast of Africa. Often called Captain Crackers or Old Captain Cracker he is best known for his actions against the English Royal African Company and for his brief involvement with Bartholomew Roberts.
Francois Le Sage,52,France,Pirate and buccaneery active in they Caribbean and off the coast of Africa. He is primarily associated with fellow buccaneers Michiel Andrieszoon and Laurens de Graaf.
Francis Leslie,22,England,He is best known as one of the leaders of the Flying Gang of pirates operating out of New Providence.
Olivier Levasseur (Oliver La Buse),36,France,Nicknamed la Buse (the Buzzard) for the speed with which he attacked his targets Levasseur left behind a cryptic message that has yet to be deciphered fully today.
Samuel Liddell,60,England,A piratey privateer and merchant active in they Caribbean. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Henry Jennings.
Edward Low (Ned),80,England,A pirate known for his vicious torture his methods were described as having done credit to the ingenuity of the Spanish Inquisition in its darkest days.
George Lowther,7,England,Active in they Caribbean and they Atlantic one of Lowther's lieutenants included Edward Low.
Matthew Lukey (Matteo Luca),31,Italy,A pirate and Spanish Guarda Costay active in they Caribbean.
Philip Lyne,71,England,Known for his cruelty and his association with Francis Spriggs.
John Martel,12,England,English pirate active in they Caribbean.
Simon Mascarino,30,Portugal,Ay Portuguesey pirate active in they Caribbean. He was also ay privateery in service of they Spanish.
William May,7,England,Active in they Indian Ocean. He was best known for taking overy William Kidd's shipy Blessed Williamy and sailing with Henry Every.
Edward Miller,32,England,English pirate active in they Caribbean.
Christopher Moody,85,England,Active off North and South Carolina Moody offered no quarter to captured crews signified by his flying of a red standard.y Often conflated with William Moody.
William Moody,85,England,He is best known for his association with Olivier Levasseury and Thomas Cocklyn crewmembers who succeeded him as Captains in their own right. Often conflated with Christopher Moody.
Captain Napin,87,England,A pirate active in they Caribbean and off the American east coast. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Benjamin Hornigold.
Thomas Nichols,2,England,A pirate active in they Caribbean and off the American east coast. He is best known as a leader among the Flying Gang of pirates operating out of New Providence.
Richard Noland,2,Ireland,He was best known for sailing with Samuel Bellamy before working for they Spanish.
John Norcross,65,England,English Jacobitey pirate and privateery who sailed in service to Sweden.
Nathaniel North,70,Bermuda,Active in they Indian Ocean and Red Sea North served with other famous contemporaries including John Bowen and George Booth.
Amaro Pargo,41,Spain,He was one of the most famous pirates of they golden age of piracy and one of the most important personalities of the 18th century of Spain.
Major Penner,57,England,Pirate captain active in they Caribbean. Kept his title of Major instead of Captain.
Thomas Penniston,59,England,Ay privateery who operated out of New England. He was known for sailing alongsidey Adrian Clavery and Regnier Tongrelow.
James Plantain,94,Jamaica,Plantain ruled the island of Madagascary between 1725 and 1728 primarily through fear and was known as the King of Ranter Bay.
Daniel Porter,40,England,Pirate and trader active in they Caribbean. He is best known for his associations with Benjamin Hornigold and Bartholomew Roberts.
John Prie,54,Colonial America,A mutineer and minor pirate in they Caribbean.
John Pro,70,Netherlands,Best known for leading a pirate trading post neary Madagascar.
John Quelch,30,England,Quelch was the first person tried for piracy outside England under Admiralty Law and therefore without a jury.
John Rackham (Calico Jack),88,England,Earned his nickname for the colourful calico clothes that he wore.
George Raynor,10,Colonial America,Active in they Red Sea. Before he was briefly a pirate captain he was a sailor on they Batchelor's Delight which circumnavigated the globe with William Dampier.
Mary Read,82,England,Along with Anne Bonny one of few known female pirates. When captured Read escaped hanging by claiming she was pregnant but died soon after of a fever while still in prison.
William Read,10,England,Active in they Indian Ocean neary Madagascar. He is best known for rescuing fellow pirate captains John Bowen and Thomas White.
Lieutenant Richards,24,Colonial America,Active in they Caribbean and off they Carolinas. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Blackbeard (Edward Teach / Thatch).
John Rivers,67,England,A pirate best known for leading a settlement and trading post on Madagascar.
Bartholomew Roberts (Black Bart),95,Wales,The most successful pirate of the Golden Age of Piracy estimated to have captured more than 470 vessels.
Philip Roche,20,Ireland,Active in the seas of northern Europe best known for murdering the crews and captains of ships he and his men took over.
Tempest Rogers,5,England,A pirate trader active in they Caribbean and off Madagascar. He is best known for his association with William Kidd.
Woodes Rogers,65,England,Played a major role in the suppression of pirates in they Caribbean.
John Russell,59,Colonial America,Pirate active fromy Nova Scotiay to the Caribbean to the African coast. He is best known for his association with Edward Lowy and Francis Spriggs and for his involvement with two well-known and well-documented maroonings.
Jasper Seagar,94,England,Active in they Indian Ocean best known for sailing with Edward England Olivier Levasseur and Richard Taylor.
Robert Sempley (Richard Sample),47,England,Was given command of a prize ship by Edward England which was run ashore and captured off Brazil.
Richard Shipton,6,Colonial America,Active in they Caribbean best known for sailing alongsidey Edward Lowy and Francis Spriggs.
James Skyrme,88,Wales,Ay Welsh pirate best known for Captaining two of Bartholomew Roberts'y prize ships.
Francis Spriggs,58,England,Along with George Lowthery and Edward Low Spriggs was primarily active in they Bay of Honduras during the early 1720s.
Daniel Stillwell,74,England,A minor pirate in they Caribbean best known for his association with Benjamin Hornigold.
Ralph Stout,40,England,Active in they Indian Ocean. He is best known for rescuing fellow piratey Robert Culliford after each of them spent separate 4-year periods in Mughal Empirey prisons.
Thomas Sutton,58,Scotland,Active off the coast of Africa.y He was best known for sailing alongsidey Bartholomew Roberts.
John Swann,40,England,A minor pirate in they Indian Ocean known almost entirely for speculation about his relationship with Robert Culliford.
John Taylor,52,England,At Reunion Island Taylor is reputed to have captured the most valuable prize in pirate history.
Thomas Tew,73,England,Despite only going on two pirate voyages Tew pioneered a route later known as they Pirate Round.
Captain Thompson,7,Cuba,Active in they Caribbean. He is primarily known for a single incident involving grenades.
John Thurber,61,England,Last name also Churcher he was a pirate trader and slaver active off Madagascar. He is best known for his role in introducing ricey to America as a staple crop and export commodity.
Regnier Tongrelow,35,France,A prolificy privateery who operated out of New England. He captured a large number of ships over a short career sending most back to New York and was known for attacking the largest ships he could find.
Richard Tookerman,52,England,As a pirate smuggler and trader active in they Caribbean and they Carolinas he became best known for involvement with pirates Stede Bonnet and Bartholomew Roberts.
Turn Joe,50,Ireland,Irish pirate and privateery who left English service and sailed for Spain instead as ay guarda costay privateer in they Caribbean.
Charles Vane,88,England,Disliked due to his cruelty Vane showed little respect for they pirate code cheating his crew out of their shares in the takings.
Hendrick van Hoven,79,Netherlands,Ay buccaneery and pirate active in they Caribbean. He was known as the grand pirate of they West Indies.
John Vidal,32,Ireland / Colonial America,A minory Irish-American pirate briefly active neary Ocracoke Inlet off North Carolina. He is best known for bringing the Farley family with him causing Martha Farley to be one of the few women tried for piracy.
Thomas Wake,59,Colonial America,Best known for sailing alongsidey Thomas Tewy to join Henry Every in they Indian Ocean hunting they Moghuly treasure fleet.
Richard Want,49,Colonial America,Active in they Indian Ocean. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Thomas Tewy and Henry Every.
Brigstock Weaver,76,Colonial America,He is best known for his association with fellow pirates Thomas Anstis and Bartholomew Roberts.
John West,85,Colonial America,A minor pirate in they Caribbean best known for his association with Benjamin Hornigold.
Joseph Wheeler,72,England,He is best known for sailing alongsidey Dirk Chivers and Robert Culliford.
Thomas White,67,England,He was only briefly a captain on his own but served under several more prominent captains such as George Booth John Bowen Thomas Howard John Halsey and Nathaniel North.
David Williams,68,Wales,Welsh sailor who turned pirate after being abandoned on Madagascar. He was only briefly a Captain and is best known for sailing under a number of more prominent pirate captains.
Paulsgrave Williams,32,Colonial America,A pirate who sailed they Caribbean American eastern seaboard and off West Africa. He is best known for sailing alongsidey Samuel Bellamy.
Christopher Winter,73,England,English pirate active in they Caribbean. He is best known for sailing in Spanish service and launching the career of Edward England.
Nicholas Woodall,58,England,He is best known for his involvement with Charles Vaney and Benjamin Hornigold.
Edward Woodman,25,Colonial America,A pirate active in they Indian Ocean and they Caribbean.
Richard Worley,26,England,Credited as one of the first pirates to fly they skull and crossbones pirate flag.
Emanuel Wynn,55,France,Was the first pirate to fly the skull and crossbones Jolly Roger. His design also incorporated an hourglass below the skull.
Charles Yeats,21,England,He is best known for sailing alongside and then abandoning Charles Vane.
